12 years ago, I promised Luke that if he stuck with me,
he would never go hungry again!
Or without a gaming PC, anyway.
The problem is that his tastes have gotten kind of expensive.
And I think it's time to convince him
to let me out of this one-sided agreement
with the help of our sponsor, Lexar,
who is helping me make the process as painful as possible.
I'm never leaving this agreement.
Okay, that's not your line.
As painful as possible.
What, like I have to build it myself or something?
No, you have to watch them build it.
Oh!
Are you ready to be the very best like no one ever was?
I mean, yeah.
I'm actually kind of excited for this.
That's a cool idea.
Bye, Luke.
Don't worry, we got this under control.
Oh, like I'm not helping advise or anything?
You'll see in a bit how we did.
Wow.
Okay, bye.
Luke's computers are always Pokemon themed,
but instead of a rock type like his previous Geodude build,
we are going full grass type
with one of the original starters
from Pokemon Red and Blue, Bulbasaur.
Plastic baggies full of green stuff.
You're sure we weren't going Afro-man themed?
It is weird that there's condensation in those bags.
Afro-mander.
I'm thinking it might be easier
to get some of this stuff in place
before we build the system.
Who wants to be on decoration duty?
Me please.
Not it.
I see you guys managed to find the most hazardous glue.
Got CA and this giant hot glue gun.
What could go wrong?
Everything.
We're gonna decorate it to look like a Bulbasaur habitat?
Yeah, exactly.
Oh wow, there's grass.
Is this computer gonna suck like his old one?
No, it'll suck in a completely different way.
Oh.
You picked the parts for my old one.
I don't know.
I don't do any of that weird stuff.
That's on you, man.
Okay, all right.
Sort your supplies.
Trees.
Yeah, so make a tree pile.
Isn't craft time fun?
I think so.
Yeah.
That was a matter of time.
And then here's a bunch of flowers.
What about this?
What about it?
Here's what we're gonna start with, my little ladies.
These tubes right here,
they're pretty white and pretty boring right now.
It would be cool.
Let's put this on it.
Maybe not.
Why don't we put these vines on it?
You look busy.
Why don't you help me build the computer?
See, I looked away for how long?
Look how long I looked away for.
Someone needs to actually build the computer.
Up you get.
He's just gone.
Help me better.
The girls are actually doing their jobs
and the boy isn't.
Yeah.
That's true.
That's actually true right now, at least.
All right.
We aren't gonna be covering the CPU and greenery,
so why don't we start here?
We've got the Ryzen 7 7800X 3D.
This is a great chip.
Eight core, 16 threads that boost up to 5 GHz.
And AMD's 3DV cache that helps it outclass
much more expensive chips in the right scenarios,
specifically gaming.
However, most 7800X 3Ds are great.
We tested over a dozen of these for a recent video
and Luke will be getting the absolute worst of the best.
That's still pretty good.
Yeah, you don't need to do that to make it the worst.
The very worst bin we could find.
But a really good CPU?
But a really good CPU.
It's fine with me.
Do you remember how to install a CPU?
Do you think you can figure it out?
I did it.
Wow.
Thanks.
Come on, boy.
Come on, little man.
I'm not the one building the computer today,
so you're gonna have to actually figure it out.
Okay.
Nope, nope.
How's your confidence now?
It's basically Lego.
He'll figure it out.
Lift this up.
Nope, not that.
You already lifted that.
This.
Woo!
Don't bend those pins,
because then the board is dead.
And this is a really nice board.
We've gone with an ASRock X670-E Taichi.
It's a little wide, E-ATX, but that's fine.
Just means you need to be careful when you pick your case.
It's also got this nifty white marble pattern
that, A, partially matches the case
that kicked off this round of upgrades.
Yes, my friends.
Luke thinking this case is cool is the whole reason
that he was like, yeah, I should get an upgrade right now.
I was like, okay, that makes perfect sense.
Yeah.
Yeah, what's up with that?
I didn't ask for an upgrade at all.
How did this happen?
I mentioned that the case was cool to Jake
like a year and a half ago.
It's on Jake then.
And he was like, oh, you should do like
a build upgrade into it.
And I was like, oh, we'd just be like migrating parts.
Like, I don't know.
Maybe I'll just do it on my own time.
And also will be even funnier
when we cover it up with a whole bunch of greenery.
So you can't even see it.
This thing just broke.
Yeah, no, no, that's fine.
That's supposed to break off.
We've all been through that part.
It feels wrong when you do it.
Who put this?
Did you put this in here?
Me, yeah.
Oh, okay, you got it.
Oh, that's all.
Oh, wow, okay, good job.
Okay.
The cameraman had to help me.
Oh.
No, no, no.
Dad, it got tangled.
Hi, oh, okay.
So hold on, hold on, hold on.
That's very tangled.
Why did we think this was a good idea?
Ah, where are the ends?
I don't know.
I found one.
My love, do you know what a rhetorical question is?
No.
It means it's a question that you don't actually expect
to be answered.
I found one though.
Okay.
And yours is wrapped and looks so.
How did I get such sassy kids?
I think that's not a difficult question to answer,
but also rhetorical.
I think that you are ready to start working on this.
There are some things that you can't cover up.
Youngest child working on most critical components.
Let's go.
We've got to be able to plug in anywhere there's a plug.
I think everything else is fair game.
Good advice.
All right, yeah, yeah.
Oh, wow.
The beautifullest AIO.
Most beautiful.
The beautifullest hair.
Okay.
It's most beautiful, not beautifullest.
I know.
They got more sass than an old server.
That is also something you would do though.
Wow.
Good job.
We chose this board, not only because it looks good,
but also because it's got PCIe Gen 5,
active cooling for the VRMs,
though apparently we'll be covering those with grass,
four DDR5 DIMM slots for our 64 gigs
of 6,000 megatransfer per second Thor memory
from our sponsor for this build,
Lexar.
These guys went all out on the looks of these modules.
Norse print on a tasteful aluminum heatsink
designed for superior heat dissipation.
It supports XMP and AMD Expo overclocking
and comes with a limited lifetime warranty
that probably won't cover child-related damage.
So Luke, you better pray my kids don't break it
when they install it.
Do I push this?
I mean, yeah, but the angle matters.
So don't just like shove it.
Normally it would matter which slots you're installing in.
We're using all four, which should be fine.
You can run into some compatibility issues
with four sticks of memory,
but this is single rank memory, so.
This is scary.
I don't wanna break it.
I mean, I don't care.
I care a little bit, actually.
Lexar sponsored the video,
so be careful not to break their stuff.
Wow.
Hedgehenge.
Okay, why don't we get this glued on?
This hurts me.
Goodbye, infinity mirror.
Oh, man.
Hello, infinity glue.
Why does it hurt you?
Never coming off.
But look how beautiful it is now.
How you doing, kiddo?
One more.
Are they all clicking into place?
Yeah.
Nice.
Not bad.
All right.
Maybe the tech tips are hereditary.
Do you think you can handle the glue gun?
Yeah.
So we just wanna use a thin layer
over the whole area that we're gluing, okay?
You have a little bit of time before it sets.
There you go.
We're trying to make it straight.
Is that the right orientation?
No, it's not on straight.
That was so perfect.
It's not on straight.
Okay, that's fine.
I mean, it's just Luke's computer.
The next thing we're gonna be hooking Luke up with
is two of Lexar's award-winning
four terabyte NM790 PCIe Gen 4 drives.
Lexar claims read speeds of up to 7,400 megabytes a second
and writes of 6,500 megabytes a second,
which is well within the requirement
for you PS5 console gamers out there.
You can even choose to have a heat sink or no heat sink,
meaning it can fit into all kinds of tight spaces,
like the tight spaces we're creating for ourselves
by putting plants all over this.
Why are you giving him eight terabytes of storage?
Because Luke's a gamer.
So?
So he needs a lot of games, I guess.
Mine only has like one terabyte, and I'm a gamer.
Well, Luke was born first.
So?
So, first born privilege.
He's old.
Yeah.
Got him.
Oh, man.
I think we're gonna try and put them under here
because I think we can put two here.
Under?
Yeah, so you gotta take these screws out first.
And then every time you use this,
you have to say lttstore.com.
Lttstore.com.
Nice, good job.
Okay, we'll know like every time you-
Lttstore.com.
Okay, not constantly.
Okay, my girls?
Every ratchet.
I have something for you guys to decorate.
Who wants the long one?
Who wants the wide one?
Long, please.
I want the wide one, please.
Okay, that worked out great.
As for you, you're gonna have to take this heat sink off
because there's a heat sink already on our motherboard.
Precision screwdriver coming soon to-
Lttstore.com.
There you go, good job.
This screw is so small.
It would be a shame if it fell on the floor.
How's your confidence doing?
Still decently high, to be honest.
He's quite competent, in general.
Nope, nope, not that.
A little bit lower.
Oh, no.
Spoke a little soon there.
I'm picking these slots
because they're both under one heat sink,
which means Luke will have to do less removal
of grass-covered heat sinks
whenever it's time to access his SSDs.
So considerate.
Yeah.
Okay, watch your fingers.
I'm just gonna glue this down.
Yeah, that's never coming off.
We got hot glue right on the screws by accident.
By accident?
That's okay.
Can you help her, though?
Yeah, would you like help?
No, thanks.
I tried, Luke.
I really did try.
Fine, I have a new task for you then.
Lian Li are super bros,
and they put their fans on the cooler ahead of time.
Normally, I would actually change the orientation
because I prefer to have the fans
pulling through the radiator fins
so that it's a little bit easier to clean.
Luke doesn't have any hairy pets
or anything like that, though.
They're all feathery friends.
So we're just gonna leave this
and screw this into the case.
That's it.
Does this produce a lot of dandruff?
Cool.
The place you're gonna be installing this
is at the back there.
Is this okay to take off?
I would leave that for now.
Yeah, I'd leave that for now.
You're still pulling it.
Okay.
Wow.
You wanna show the camera?
That bottom right thing is...
This is, yeah.
You know, the GPU's gonna cover a lot of that.
I mean, I've heard this is kind of in style, though,
the little triangle patch.
These fans need to spin,
so we can't put on anything
that gets in the way of them spinning.
But what we can do
is we can decorate the hubs in the middle.
They're infinity mirrors, but...
Now they're infinity Bulbasaur.
You wanna put shrubs on there?
You wanna put bushes on a fan?
You can't do that.
Trees might not be the best idea
because I don't think they'll stay on very well.
Shrubs.
I like the shrubs.
Thanks, David.
Really helpful.
Stickers.
I think stickers are a really good idea.
This seems like a perfect opportunity
to talk about our case.
We're building this whole mess
in the Lian Li O11 Vision,
and the best thing about it
is how much tempered glass it has
to show off my kids' incredible handiwork.
Okay, the real reason we chose it
was that Jake really wanted us to include this part
that he machined in high school
for a water cooling setup
that Luke never got around to building,
and this case fits it.
Do you have any idea what he's talking about?
Yeah, but then you guys didn't use it.
This, the stand.
Because this went like that,
so there was a plate that was machined
for the bottom of the reservoir
so that it could stand on this little post.
David says it was supposed to be the stand
for jacked Bulbasaur.
Ah, okay.
We didn't use it.
No.
The Vision variant of the O11
is especially good for custom water-cooled rigs,
but something that complex
was a little bit tough for my kids,
so we're just gonna put that Lian Li AIO in
and call it a day.
Hopefully the daisy-chain compatible radiator fans
will simplify the install.
I don't remember the last time
I was this stressed out doing a PC build.
That's because you barely ever do PC builds.
The back is so sharp.
Hashtag Lie-nus
Use the knurling.
Use the what?
Have you shown him how to use a screwdriver?
Yes.
Which way, righty-tighty?
I don't know, right can be either way.
Right or right.
He gets really good grades.
Wow, this is something.
This is too.
Yeah, okay.
How about...
This is also technically a thing.
What if you guys overlap the fan
and then we just kind of cut along the outside
and then we just kind of wrap it like that
and then we can kind of sticker bomb it.
I don't think I've ever heard you
be such a fan of stickers before.
Just looked really good.
Yeah.
Wait, is that the kind of screw that was in there?
I think it was a thumb screw.
What's a thumb screw?
This kind, the kind that you can do with your thumb.
Dad, I don't think it was a thumb screw.
Oh, okay, then put in whatever kind.
Realistically, it doesn't matter what kind of screw it is.
It's Luke's computer, so who cares?
I don't want to wait half an hour for Luke to do an update.
I don't want to wait half an hour
for you to get this power supply installed.
We game together sometimes.
And one time, me updating my games took quite a while.
But this won't change that at all
because that was internet speed.
What's a power supply?
I'll give you two hints.
Power and supply.
So it makes power.
Well, no, it supplies power.
But that's basically making power.
No, it doesn't make power, it supplies it.
And if that's unexpected, supplies.
Okay.
That didn't really land.
No.
Wow, you guys did a spectacular job here.
I think we're ready to install this in the case.
Do you want me to show you guys how to do it
or do you want me to give you something else to decorate?
Something else to decorate, please.
I'll be right back.
Didn't even look at the computer.
Oh, a little bit, for a second there.
No, they're really not that interested in the computer.
Can I show you guys where this is gonna go?
Oh my.
Brown kind of worked with what we were doing.
Yeah.
And then maybe you can tell me if you have some cool ideas
for what we could put on it.
No, thanks.
Yeah.
No, you don't want to decorate it?
Actually, yeah.
The GPU is gonna go right there.
So with that in mind, do you guys have any bright ideas
for what you want to put on the back
or on this side of it or on this side of it?
Maybe like vines.
Ooh, we could put some vines on.
Yeah, vines.
Yeah, and then maybe on the back,
we could put grass and we could make a field
and that could be where our Bulbasaur lives.
Sure.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
So supportive.
Yeah, vines.
Yeah.
Definitely flowers.
You guys can put flowers on this one
once all the grass is on it, okay?
Boo.
We should only need two pieces
if you guys use them efficiently.
And there are some places you can't cover.
We can't cover here because that's gonna impact cooling
and everywhere else is probably fine realistically.
Also note, I said, don't cover this,
immediately the one place they want to put something.
Time to get this radiator installed.
I'm not supposed to be doing this.
So you're doing it.
And it goes in this spot here.
Yeah, probably not.
He gets really good grades.
Really good grades.
Oh, look at that.
You made a little cutout for the power connector.
Good job.
Dad, this has dots on it.
Oh, that's fine.
We can just cut a new bit for that.
Okay, how's it going?
I did it.
Good job, Reddit.
So he got the rad and the fans by himself?
No.
So thermal compound goes on the CPU.
Is this safe?
Yeah, it's safe.
Okay, so put it up against it.
Yeah, you're gonna have to squeeze
like you didn't inherit your mother's strength.
She has fortitude, but not strength.
Yeah.
Okay, let's get this glued down first.
Sound good?
Good.
Okay, this is happening.
I'm excited about the trees.
Truthfully, this is a bit of a side grade for Luke.
It's an Asus 4080 Noctua OC Edition.
It's got 16 gigs of GDDR6X, little overclock on it.
Most importantly, it has these sick gigantic Noctua fans
that are dead freaking silent
while keeping this thing running nice and cool.
And they're gonna have some insulation to work against now
in the form of this grass.
It smells bad.
Yeah, it's hot glue, honey.
It's a great card and it'll run anything you throw at it.
But realistically, the biggest reason we chose it
was Noctua's trademark brown aesthetic.
It goes perfectly with our forest theme.
Or it'll look awful in a white case.
I don't know, it all remains to be seen.
Yeah, I think it looked great.
Oh, it stinks.
This is actual moss.
What?
How does this work?
Fluff the moss.
It's moss.
Is that okay though?
Like, is it gonna rot?
Well, we fluffed it.
Is it gonna rot?
Now it's fluffed.
What happens to dried out moss over time?
Sounds like a Luke problem.
It's also a lot of glue.
Yeah, well, it was all flaky.
I didn't want it to come off.
There, moss.
Oh wow, good job, you guys.
Is Luke gonna have to water his computer?
I mean, it depends.
If you wanna keep your moss green, you might.
That's true.
You tested all this stuff ahead of time, right?
Oh yeah, it all works.
Okay, or at least it did.
It did.
It's been great, he plugged in all the power.
Nice.
That one goes there.
It only goes in one way, so just try it one way,
and then if it doesn't go, then try it the other way,
and then if it doesn't go again,
then you must've screwed it up the first time
and tried the other way again.
USB, baby.
What if it doesn't go the third time?
Well, then try again.
Wow.
Baldasaur will really like it.
Yeah, I think so.
You guys are gonna decorate the GPU support,
and then when that's done,
it's gonna be time to make a field
and some trees and stuff for Baldasaur.
Should we make this a pond?
No.
GPU support, ah, nice.
Gonna put on RGB cables.
Watch me fail.
Nah, dude, you got this, you got this.
Oopsie.
Okay, so we have two of them.
Dad, at the end, can I make one of these things
where you put it over your head, please?
You can do it now if you want.
Yay!
But how am I gonna put it together?
I have no idea.
I can hot glue it to your head if you want.
Yeah, please.
Wait, not to my head.
Wait.
We are getting really close to putting it together
and decorating time.
Got a rear fan here.
David, what are you, what?
It's our tree stand.
Look at this.
A tree stand.
It's our third fan in the bottom.
And you can stick trees in it.
I don't know whose ideas are worse,
the kids or the adults.
That's a good idea.
Editor's Note, make a code that says Luke's PC
to get 5% off stuff in the LTT store.
You're not allowed to give discounts on LTT store.
Editor's Note, make a discount on the LTT store.
He figured out the code.
If you clap, they can't say no.
So this is gonna go here.
You guys need to think then.
Anywhere where there's gonna be stuff in the way,
you can't have tall trees.
But we can have flowers.
Yeah, you can have flowers here
or little bushes and stuff.
So I was thinking maybe Bulbasaur could live in here
and we could have some trees kind of out here
and he could have like a little hidden away area.
Okay.
We've already seen this Bulbasaur,
but have you seen this Bulbasaur?
Can we vote?
I vote for big man.
Little Bulbasaur is gonna live up here somewhere.
And then big fat Bulbasaur can go in the front.
He's not fat, he's big boned.
So guys, can you make a forest
and a little habitat for Bulbasaur on the back of the GPU?
So this is gonna be the front corner.
So maybe have it face this way.
Amazing contribution, little man.
Oh man.
We now need to put some hot glue.
Oh, I feel like there's gonna be some extras for this one.
LMG.GG slash floatplane.
Let me put it this way.
Jacked Bulbasaur is never moving.
So you want flowers on the tree?
You don't have to do all of them,
at least one of each color though.
That's the face of a man who's regretting his decisions.
Yeah, he's starting to run out of energy.
How's the front part look?
Wow, it looks like he's,
it looks like he's like crashing through the trees.
That was unintentional, but it's so sick.
He's like,
Here's the big moment.
You guys ready?
This isn't the big moment, Bulbasaur is the big moment.
Oh, this is a pretty big moment.
Wow.
Tree sticking out of this wall, please.
I like that this now implies that you are jacked Bulbasaur.
Please turn on computer, please.
This would be so much work to redo at this point.
I guess before we press the power button,
I should talk about our Seasonic 1000 watt
Prime TX power supply.
Luke ran into a few power supply related issues
during the Radeon challenge.
So we wanted to pick one that he could trust.
It's got a hybrid fan that only kicks in at 40% load
for that Zen state that Bulbasaur so much enjoys.
And it's 80 plus titanium certified.
Against my better judgment,
we have used Lian Li's streamer RGB cable extensions.
I am not a fan, but neither is Luke.
Wow.
It's beautiful.
Is that beautiful or what?
The sticker bomb with the RGB behind it
actually looks kind of amazing on the fans.
Like unironically, looks really cool.
Hey, David.
Oh, yes.
There it is.
Who can be trusted to do the sticker perfectly?
Me.
Bulbasaur sticking his tongue out.
Ow.
I just broke it, by the way.
That really hurt.
I was trying to play it cool.
Did you bleed?
It hurt, oh yeah.
Is your blood in my computer?
Oh yeah.
And definitely tears.
Wait, hold on.
If I started spinning again.
If I break this one and this one.
Normally there is logic to that, but I've had-
Yeah, it's a seven blade fan.
Yeah.
Sorry about that, bro.
Oh, I don't think there's any way
to balance a seven blade fan.
Not really.
With fewer than seven blades.
Nope.
Well, I tried.
We'll put a new fan in there.
David in the background, nope.
But it looks perfect.
And what about this shape I cut in the middle
on the flower?
I know, we'll put it back on.
Don't worry.
We can take that off and we can put it on the new fan.
Here we go.
Look at that.
Wow.
It looks great, though.
It does look great.
And I helped.
Bad news, everyone.
I think Luke is going to absolutely love it.
Uh-oh.
What we're trying to figure out right now
is A, whether he and I are actually related,
because if we are, he should be pretty good at Halo.
And two, whether this computer
can actually handle a gaming load.
We did put some stuff in there
that shouldn't obstruct the airflow.
CPUs at 52, GPUs at 35 degrees.
Yeah, see, the Noctua fans just don't care at all.
Nope.
That's wicked.
Are these temps right?
That's incredible.
That can't be right.
That's actually crazy.
I think it can be right,
because it was, like, it was...
Do you have Halo frame capped?
That's quite the growth.
Yeah.
The Bulbasaurs are having some protein.
They are.
You know what?
Under a heavier load, it would probably get hotter,
because you're probably right.
Halo is probably frame capped.
Still.
Still pretty good.
Lexar asked us to do a quick Crystal Disk Mark run
to validate their claims
about the performance of this drive.
And there it is.
Everything's performing exactly like we would expect
in spite of the situation in there.
Do you want me to look away?
It's a labor of love.
Children worked on it.
Don't be too harsh.
Okay.
What?
No, this is amazing.
What do you mean?
Oh my God.
And he immediately puts this back to the camera.
Thank you, Luke.
You've forgotten everything.
That is so awesome.
I love how it's, like, swole Venusaur too.
He's not just, like, chilling at all.
It's Bulbasaur, not Venusaur.
Man, this is actually so cool.
And it's mostly not broken.
And we think it might work.
I suspect this, like, you know,
stuff coming out of the bottom is probably gonna continue.
Well, given that we used real moss.
I was gonna say, it looks really realistic.
Where did you get it from?
So this moss here and this moss here is real?
I mean, real in the sense that they're organic.
Oh my.
It came from outside.
We need to put the bottom panel in.
What is it?
Bulbasaur.
No, like, what's in it?
What are the components?
Is that just part of the mystery?
I guess.
I don't get to know.
I guess you'll find out what's in it
and why we chose it.
It's grass.
See, it's grass.
It's GTX grass.
Yeah, also that fan might be missing some blades.
What?
Well, the kids, I mean, can't be trusted.
You did.
I'm not surprised that Linus
may have been the biggest problem with this build.
LOL fan deal with it?
Is that you?
No.
I approve of this message, though.
This may be one of my favorite builds
we've ever done, actually.
No joke.
We just filmed a video on our favorite builds.
This would have been in it 100% for me.
Yeah.
This is super cool.
The little details, like nothing lining up at all,
they kind of get lost in the overall package.
Yeah, like, I honestly didn't notice at all
the first time I looked at it.
And like now.
Now that you've watched it,
you can probably spot some.
But it doesn't seem that major
because there's so much going on.
Yeah, and look, this fan totally still blows some air.
Technically, not very much, but technically, yeah.
It looks sweet.
I'm super, super stoked.
And I'm super stoked to tell you guys,
hey, why not go check out the video
where we spilled a can of Coke into a computer
and then, spoiler, fully recovered it.
Oh.
No damage.
So there's hope that I'll be able to survive with the moss.
I said Coke, not moss.
Still green.
Yeah.
For now.
I think it'll be okay, I think.
That fan's buzzing a little.
Sounds like a Luke problem.